🔖 [#558] Release version 3.0.3 (#561)
maykinmedia/objects-api: CHANGELOG.rst

Change history
==============

3.0.3 (2025-04-01)
------------------

**Project maintenance**

> * [:open-api-framework:`58`] Remove django.contrib.sites

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [:open-api-framework:`58`] Deprecate django.contrib.sites and add ``SITE_DOMAIN`` environment variable as a replacement (see :ref:`installation_env_config` > Optional for more information)
```

Change history
==============

> 3.0.3 (2025-04-01)

Reviewer: reminder to change this whenever we actually do the release

------------------

**Project maintenance**

> * [:open-api-framework:`58`] Deprecate django.contrib.sites and add ``SITE_DOMAIN`` environment variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [:open-api-framework:`59`] Deprecate django.contrib.sites and add ``SITE_DOMAIN`` environment variable
```
